hi guys grantee asserts dem would be
showing you some new need for speed
customization and also some information
about it that we know since e3 which is
sort of just finished around about now
but all of the main games and that I've
been shown already because if we can get
201 likes on this video I'll be amazing
and also question of the day is what are
your thoughts are need speed after
seeing all of this information and
gameplay at e3 if you've seen already
otherwise you can sort of search you
want to find some more anyway first off
we actually have some of the gameplay
from e3 and this is actually a drift
attack and some of you guys may be
thinking although it's kind of weird the
camera angle it was actually confirmed
that for this sort of gameplay trailer
the camera angle they added while it was
drifting was just an action camera that
they've added themselves so it's not in
the actual game which is good to look so
it looks sort of weird this is also a
drift attack so normal driving in this
is actually going to be normal you're
not going to have those drift to turn
physics that were in the last need for
speed rivals game there's literally
loads of stuff you can customize on the
car you'll see on the actual video the
person goes around the car on all the
saw different points you can edit on the
car like the wheels the bumpers there's
literally so many you can go anywhere
and edit anything and it looks sick all
of the customization I think a lot of it
is actual real modifications that are on
real cars in real life like the rocket
bunny wide kits I don't know if
everything in the game is going to be
based on real-life modifications or some
are and then some are going to be
obsolete speeds own creation of thing up
pretty cool but also guys the release
date for new speed I'm sure some of you
may know but is actually November third
2015 and I is pretty much around about
like in November's did she went so many
big games are coming out or once it's
kind of ridiculous kind of annoying
because I don't know what I'm going to
play but as you can see here guys in the
background there's the customization
gameplay is sort of quick how it goes
around it maybe you can pause and have a
look if you want to see there's like so
you can go on a section then there's
four different things you can do on next
section so sort of that's how many
different customization options there
are and this is just one of the vehicles
but guys this is pretty much it for the
video hope you enjoy the rest of the
gameplay and let me know
you think of this video and also drop a
like if you haven't already subscribe
for new and thanks for watching this is
granty peace out